Add deprecation notice (#155)
thought-machine/dracon: README.md

# THIS PROJECT IS DEPRECATED

> Projects using this tool should consider migrating instead to [github.com/ocurity/dracon](github.com/ocurity/dracon).

Reviewer: > [!NOTE]
> **This project is deprecated.** Users should consider migrating to [Ocurity's fork of Dracon](https://github.com/ocurity/dracon).

> # THIS PROJECT IS DEPRECATED
> 
> Projects using this tool should consider migrating instead to [github.com/ocurity/dracon](github.com/ocurity/dracon).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> **This project is deprecated.** Users should consider migrating to [Ocurity's fork of Dracon](https://github.com/ocurity/dracon).

```
